Add sharding example (#14)
saucelabs/saucectl-xcuitest-example: README.md

```shell
APP=DemoApp/build/Build/Products/Debug-iphoneos/DemoApp.app \
TEST_APP=DemoApp/build/Build/Products/Debug-iphoneos/DemoAppUITests-Runner.app \

> TEST_LIST_FILE=DemoApp/test_classes.txt \

Reviewer: It'd be good to explain where this file comes from. It's not immediately obvious that 1. there's a shell script as part of the build process that generates this file; 2. _what_ we are trying to demonstrate here by providing this file to saucectl; and 3. whether it's mandatory to have this at all times.

TEST_APP=DemoApp/build/Build/Products/Debug-iphoneos/DemoAppUITests-Runner.app \
saucectl run
```
![sauce cloud example](assets/xcuitest.gif)

### Run XCUITest in Parallel

`saucectl` supports running tests in parallel by setting `shard` and `testListFile` in sauce config. Click [here](.sauce/sharding-config.yml) to check the details.

> There is a script to extract test classes in `DemoApp` project build phase. So when you're building `DemoApp` in this example repo, it also generates a `DemoApp/test_classes.txt`. This file can be used for sharding XCUITest by concurrency. You can also create your own `testListFile` on demand.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is a script available to extract test classes during the build phase of the DemoApp project. Consequently, when you build DemoApp using the provided repository as an example, it generates a `DemoApp/test_classes.txt` file. This file can be utilized for sharding XCUITest by concurrency. Additionally, you have the flexibility to create your own `testListFile` as needed.
```
